# BankOnlineApp
This API includes all of the necessary Entities to conform a functionting banking application/system. Including it's users, currencies and accounts.

Inside of this API there's the following types of users; Admins, AccountHolders and Third Parties.

All Users have;

A unique username, which is used to log on, and it's the unique identifier to differentiate them. A password. Which they will use to protect their account and so others can't access their account.
Admin
All admins have the ability to delete accounts, modify values in the DB, and overall manage most of the inner works of the application. They only have the parameters of the abstract class User.

Third Parties
Third parties are external users that are not part of our bank, but that are able to perform transactions within the API.

Third parties have a SecretKey on top of the basic User information to identify them as outside entities inside of the system.

Account Holders
Account holders are members within the banking institution, and are able to have one or more account within it, aswell as do transactions, gain interest, etc. They have the following parameters on top of the one's of a basic User;

A date of birth, used for things such as birthdays, to check if they are valid for student benefits, etc.
An address, that includes the direction, postal code, city and country.
They might have an additional (optional) address.
A list of the accounts of which they are owners.
And a list of the accounts they are secondary owners of.
They are only able to access the accounts and options within the API that are part of the accounts they own.

Accounts
There's different types of Accounts, all of which share the parameters of the Abstract Account class, which has;

An autogenerated ID to be sorted and found within the DB.
A Money class, with a currency (in this case the bank accepts EURO, dollars, and CAD.
A secretKey, personal identifier of their account. Sort of of like an IBAN. And used within transactions with an external banking system.
A primary owner, that will be an Account Holder.
Aswell as an optional SecondaryOwner, which may or may not be present.
A penaltyFee, which is a flat 40€ regardless of the currency. That is applied when accounts drop below their minimum Balance (if present).
On top of all of the parameters above present in the parent class, there's the following classes, with the Following parameters.

Checking Accounts
- A mimimum Balance, which will apply the Penalty fee if the account's balance goes below that number. - A monthly maintenance fee, that's applied monthly and it's a flat 12€. - A creation date, which will be used in the future for things such as seniority bonuses, and also to know the months/years passed since the creation of the account. - A "Last Checked" date, which is used internally to check the last time the account was checked, and to do the necessary internal processes to determine if the monthly maintenance fee should be applied, or if the account should be given a payment on it's interest. - And a Status, which can be either OPEN, if the account is functional, or FROZEN, if the account is being inspected for suspicious activity or fraud.
Student Checking Account
It functions the same as a Checking Account, except it does not have a minimumBalance, nor a monthlyMaintFee, and it's only for AccountOwners under 24. Once an account is created, if the account holder is under 24, it will be created as a student checking account, and once they become 24, it automatically becomes a Checking Account.
Savings Account
- A mimimum Balance, which will apply the Penalty fee if the account's balance goes below that number. - A creation date, which will be used in the future for things such as seniority bonuses, and also to know the months/years passed since the creation of the account. - A "Last Checked" date, which is used internally to check the last time the account was checked, and to do the necessary internal processes to determine if the monthly maintenance fee should be applied, or if the account should be given a payment on it's interest. -An Interest Rate, which will determine at which rate they gain interest yearly.
Credit Card
-An Interest Rate, which will determine at which rate they gain interest yearly. -A Credit Limit, which delimits how low the credit card can go below 0, before blocking payments.
